Read and understand the given question. Then, based on the question, identify the useful information in the provided search results (some of which might be irrelevant). Finally, write a new keyword combintation for searching additional new documents. These new documents are expected to complete the missing knowledge about the question.

Question: Martin Rackin produced software directed by whom?

Document [1]: (Title: Martin Rackin) Martin Rackin (31 July 1918 – 15 April 1976) was an American writer and producer who was briefly head of production at Paramount Pictures from 1960–64. In the late 1950s he wrote and produced a series of films with actor Alan Ladd. Richard Fleischer described Rackin as "a real character. He was a fast-talking, breezy, nervous, con man type who blinked his eyes a lot. You always had the feeling that he was some sort of a street corner shell game operator keeping an eye open for the cops." Biography. Rackin was born in New York City. He worked as an errand boy for a Times Square hat shop.
Document [2]: (Title: Alan Ladd) However, despite Ladd's presence, a series did not result. Ladd next made "Hell on Frisco Bay" (1955), a film for Jaguar, co-written by Martin Rackin and directed by Frank Tuttle, his old "This Gun for Hire" associate. Rackin wrote and produced Ladd's subsequent film, which he made for Warner Bros., titled "Santiago". For Jaguar, Ladd produced, but did not appear in "A Cry in the Night".
Document [3]: (Title: Martin Rackin) Rackin teamed up with John Lee Mahin. Both men wrote and producer "The Horse Soldiers" (1959) and "North to Alaska" (1960). Paramount. In July 1960 Rackin was appointed supervisory chief of production at Paramount Studios, a position that had been vacant since Dan Hartman left in 1956. At the time Paramount were dominated by independent production units run by producers like Hal Wallis, George Seaton and Alfred Hitchcock. (All of whom would leave Paramount in the next few years.) It was thought Rackin's appointment might herald a return to the time when Paramount had more control over its productions.
Document [4]: (Title: Santiago (1956 film)) Santiago, also known as The Gun Runner, is a 1956 film directed by Gordon Douglas and starring and co-produced by Alan Ladd set in 1898 Cuba against the background of the Cuban War of Independence. Martin Rackin wrote the screenplay, based on his unpublished novel, as well as producing the film. Plot. A hardened gun runner attempts to take a shipment to Cuba to assist with the rebellion against Spain. Production. The project was first announced in July 1955 and was originally known as "The Greater Courage". It was based on an unpublished novel by Martin Rackin, who also acted as producer.

New keyword combintation:
q, Martin Rackin produced software directed by whom?
a, ['Gordon Douglas', 'Michael Curtiz', 'Arnold Laven', 'H. C. Potter', 'Daniel Mann', 'Gordon Douglas', 'William A. Wellman']
fbk,  the keyword combination to search additional documents is: Martin Rackin + directed + film + project + Santiago + Cuba + Spanish-American War.
q, Which film was directed and produced by Mel Brooks?
a, ['Robin Hood: Men in Tights', 'High Anxiety', 'History of the World, Part I', 'Life Stinks', 'Spaceballs']
fbk,  and "produced" and "comedy"
q, Which sumos have nore than 7 championship wins ?
a, ['Hakuhō', 'Taihō', 'Akebono', 'Wakanohana I', 'Hokutoumi', 'Raiden', 'Tanikaze', 'Kashiwado', 'Inazuma', 'Umegatani I']
fbk,  "sumo sumo wrestlers championship wins sumo championships sumo wrestlers with championship wins over 7"
q, What series had Bryna Productions and Kirk Douglas as producers?
a, ['Spartacus', 'Posse', 'The Indian Fighter', 'Spring Reunion', 'Summertree']
fbk,  the production company of Kirk Douglas, producers, film, television, Bryna Productions, Brynaprod, Joel Productions, Douglas and Lewis Productions, Eric Productions, Peter Vincent Music, Bryna International, Public Relations Consultants. Note: The new keywords could be re-arranged in different combinations to retrieve more relevant documents. Also, additional keywords such as "production company", "independent film", "television production", "family business" could be added to the combination to improve search results. Read and understand the given question. Then, based on the question, identify the useful information in the provided search results (some of which might be
